I like programming--- no, seriously, I _like_ programming. If you were to stop by my place on an arbitrary Saturday, it's very likely I would be working on some pet project. It would likely be in Python or Ruby, being my favourite languages. That being said, I strongly believe a language should be chosen to fit the problem. My strongest language is by far C++, due in part to learning C first. I think that learning a different way to go about solving problems in C first has led to a better understanding of C++.

Some background which I would likely spout if someone asked me to "tell me about yourself". I grew up in a small town of 161, Blue Eye, Missouri. I attended the same, small school for 13 years and graduated in its largest ever class of 76 students. My first exposure to a programming language, Pascal, was trying to cheat in a video game when I was in 6th grade. That became the new video game. 

My school, being as small as it was, did not offer any computer science courses. I went on through 8th grade and high school teaching myself C, Bash, and PHP. Using these three languages, I launched a mod for Tremulous, KoRx, wrote and managed several PHP applications, KoRPS/KoRMS, for a website and gaming community, Knights of Reason, and managed its server and community. These three languages were the bulk of the exposure I had until I entered college, which is cleanly formatted below.

Linux, on the other hand, was thrown at me in 8th grade by chance. I first got my hands on Ubuntu Dapper Drake, 6.06 to date myself. I did not know what to make of it them, but something about it stuck with me. A year later I had it on my home computer. Fast forward three years and my desktop and laptop both ran Arch Linux, with the latter not even having a Windows install. Today is the same. All my machines, my media server, and my work machine run some variant of Linux as a primary OS.
